1. Halo: The Master Chief Collection,M,2014,The epic saga of the Master Chief, together for the first time on the same console. Including the 4 Main Halo Titles and Halo 3: ODST and Halo: Reach.
2. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remaster,M,2019,Join Captain Price and the SAS in the remastered Campaign of Modern Warfare, in an attempt to stop a terrorist attack on London.
3. Grand Theft Auto 5,M,2013,Enter the sprawling world of Los Santos, play the epic story mode with Michael, Trevor and Franklin, or join the GTA Online mode and play with friends.

1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim,M,2011,After escaping execution, the last living Dragonborn must grow in strength and power to defeat the dragons that have once again begun to plague the land of Skyrim.
2. Final Fantasy 7 Remake,T,2020,A former soldier joins an eco-terrorist group in a mission against the electric power company he used to work for in order the protect the planet and their environment.
3. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt,M,2015,Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter for hire, embarks on an epic journey to find his former apprentice, Ciri, before The Wild Hunt can capture her and bring about the destruction of the world.

1. Forza: Horizon 4,E,2017,Experience a shared world with dynamic seasons. Explore beautiful scenery, collect over 450 cars and become a Horizon Superstar in historic Britain.
2. The Crew 2,T,2018,Take on the American motorsports scene as you explore and dominate the entire USA with a wide variety of cars, bikes, boats, and planes.
3. Forza Motorsport 7,E,2017,Forza 7 has over 700 cars, with more than 200 different configurations to race on across 32 locations, and introduces dynamic weather and customizable drivers.

1. Resident Evil 3: Nemesis Remastered,M,2020,Jill Valentine must escape Racoon city amid the nightmarish T-Virus outbreak, all while being persued by the relentless bio-weapon Nemesis.
2. The Evil Within 2,M,2017,Three years after the events at Beacon Mental Hospital, Sebastian Castellanos has left the Krimson City Police Department, but the mysterious organization MOBIUS gives him a chance to save his own thought-dead daughter.
3. Outlast 2,M,2017,Investigative Journalists Blake and his wife Lynn, travel to the Arizona Desert to pursue a lead on a popular suicide, but are soon ambushed by a mysterious and terrifying cult.

1. Halo Wars 2,T,2017,After spending decades in cryogenic sleep, the crew of the Spirit of Fire wake to find themselves on a Forerunner installation known as the Ark. But they are not alone.
2. Stellaris,T,2016,Explore a vast galaxy full of wonder. Paradox Development Studio, makers of the Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis series presents Stellaris, an evolution of the grand strategy genre.
3. Age of Wonders: Planetfall,T,2019,Age of Wonders: Planetfall is the new strategy game from Triumph Studios, creators of the critically acclaimed Age of Wonders series, bringing all the exciting tactical turn-based combat.


