1. Spiderman: Into the Spiderverse,PG,116 Minutes, After being bitten by a radioactive spider, Miles Morales gets a crash course in web-slinging from alternate dimmensional counterparts.
2. The Lion King (2019),PG,118 Minutes,A young lion rises to the status of king of the pridelands and must confront the one who killed his father to save the pridelands. 
3. Secret Life of Pets 2,PG,86 Minutes,On a farm outside of New York, Max aims to boost his confidence while in the city, Snowball and Gidget have to rescue a baby white tiger cub!
4. Hotel: Transylvannia 3: Summer Vacation!,PG,97 Minutes,Dracula takes the hotel on a summer cruise to the Bermuda Triangle, and falls in love with the captain, who has motives of her own.
5. The Croods,PG,98 Minutes,After an Earthquake destroys their cave, an unworldy prehistoric family is forced to journey through unfamiliar terrain in search of a new home. 



1. Jumanji: The Next Level,PG-13,122 Minutes,The ragtag team of teens returns to the world of Jumanji only to discover that the rules have changed, and things are much more dire this time around!
2. Hitch,PG-13,118 Minutes,Smooth-talking Hitch helps clients make a great first impression, but he's thrown with a lovely reporter starts nosing around his buisiness.
3. Napoleon Dynamite,PG,96 Minutes,In small-town Idaho, awkward teen Napoleon Dynamite tries to navigate high school and impress the girl he has a crush on.
4. Knives Out,PG-13,131 Minutes,An elderly crime novelist is found dead, and a Clue-style murder mystery unfolds among all the family members, who all have motivations for him to be dead.
5. Gabriel Iglesias: One Show Fits All,TV-14,90 Minutes,Gabriel "Fluffy" Iglesias discusses his teenage son and his encounters with Snoop Dog, Chris Rock, and Vicente Fernandez in his 2019 special!



1. Apollo 11,G,93 Minutes,A documentary about the Apollo 11 mission to the moon, using never-before-seen remastered footage and amazing sound mixing that displays the complexity and danger of the mission.
2. Blackfish,PG-13,90 Minutes,The story of Tilikum, a captive killer whale who has claimed several lives, underscores the controversy surrounding animals in captivity and their treatment.
3. Mars: Inside SpaceX,TV-PG,46 Minutes,A glimpse into the efforts of Elon Musk and SpaceX to develop the technology necessary to allow humans to travel to and live on Mars. 
4. DisneyNature's Elephant,G,89 Minutes,African elephant Shani and her spirited son Jomo set out on an epic journey with their herd across the savanna.
5. The Tiger King: The Sh*tshow Special Edition,TV-17,Go behind the scenes at G.W. Zoo with Joe Exotic, that b**** Carole Baskin and Joe Antle into the world of underground exotic animal trade.



1. 1917,R,119 Minutes,Two british soldiers are tasked with traversing deep behind enemy lines to deliver a critical message, one that could prevent a massacre of british forces.
2. Joker,R,122 Minutes,Driven to insanity by the disregard by Gotham's inhabitants, failed comedian Arthur Fleck turns to a life of crime as the Joker.
3. Uncut Gems,R,A jewelry store owner and dealer to rich and famous must devise a way to pay his debts before it all comes crashing down on him.
4. A Quiet Place,PG-13,90 Minutes,A family must live in complete silence after near-indestructible aliens that hunt by sound have destroyed nearly all of humanity.
5. Contagion,PG-13,106 Minutes,A viral pandemic spreads worldwide, killing 1 in 4. Following multiple viewpoints of the disaster as scientists and people scramble to stop the spread of the deadly disease.





1. The Grinch(2018),PG,85 Minutes,He has a flair for mean deeds and hampering happiness--and he's not about to let Christmas cramp his style.
2. The Polar Express,G,99 Minutes,The warm-hearted tale tells the story of kids who ride the Polar Express to the North Pole, and renew his faith in the holiday spirit.
3. A Charlie Brown Christmas,N/A,30 Minutes,The classic Peanuts Christmas special, with Charlie Brown, Linus, Snoopy, Lucy and Sally.
4. Dreamworks Holiday Classics,N/A,72 Minutes,Christmas Adventures with Poe, Shrek and the cast of Madagascar!
5. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer,G,47 Minutes,The classic 1964 stop-motion film about Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and his adventures!



1. IT Chapter 2,R,169 Minutes,3 decades after their initial run-in with Pennywise the Clown, the now-adult Loser's Club must face down Pennywise for the final time.
2. Countdown,PG-13,90 Minutes,A young nurse downloads an eerie app that counts down to the exact second of your death. Her app says 4 days..and she must find a way to stop it.
3. Doctor Sleep,R,152 Minutes,The Sequel to 'The Shining', an adult Dan Torrance befriends a young girl with similar psychic powers, and join forces to stop an evil cult.
4. Us,R,116 Minutes,A family vacations in Santa Cruz, California with their family friends the Tylers, but soon are terrorized by a family of dopplegangers with murderous intentions.
5. Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark,PG-13,The classic collection of horror short stories brought to terrifying reality.


1. Wreck-it-Ralph: Ralph Breaks the Internet,PG,112 Minutes,When video-game bad guy Ralph and best friend Vanellope find a way onto the Internet, they set of on a mission to save her broken game.
2. The Bee Movie,PG,91 Minutes,Worker bee Barry, stuck in a dead-end job, sues humans after discovering they have been using bees for their honey all along. Ya like jazz?
3. Chicken Little,G,82 Minutes,No one believes Chicken Little when he tries to warn of an alien invasion--so it's up to him and his mis-fit friends to save the world! 
4. Frozen II,PG,104 Minutes,Together with Anna, Kristoff, Olaf and Sven, Elsa faces a dangerous adventure away from Arendelle, into the unknown, to find answers about the past.
5. Onward,PG,102 Minutes,Elf brothers Ian and Barley embark on a quest to save their dad, who is only his bottom-half after a spell to bring him back from the dead.


1. My Big Fat Greek Wedding,PG,95 Minutes,A young Greek woman falls in love with a non-Greek and struggles to get her family to accept him while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity.
2. The Proposal,PG-13,108 Minutes,A pushy boss forces her young assistant to marry her in order to keep her visa status in the U.S. and avoid deportation to Canada.
3. Pretty Woman,R,125 Minutes,A man in a legal but hurtful business needs an escort for some social events, and hires a beautiful prostitute he meets... only to fall in love.
4. The Fault in Our Stars,PG-13,126 Minutes,Two teenage cancer patients begin a life-affirming journey to visit a reclusive author in Amsterdam.
5. Crazy Rich Asians,PG-13,120 Minutes,This contemporary romantic comedy, based on a global bestseller, follows native New Yorker Rachel Chu to Singapore to meet her boyfriend's family.



1. Interstellar,PG-13,169 Minutes,A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.
2. The Martian,PG-13,144 Minutes,An astronaut becomes stranded on Mars after his team assume him dead, and must rely on his ingenuity to find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.
3. Terminator: Dark Fate,R,128 Minutes,An augmented human and Sarah Connor must stop an advanced liquid Terminator from hunting down a young girl, whose fate is critical to the human race.
4. Annihilation,R,115 Minutes,A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply.
5. The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey,PG-13,169 Minutes,A reluctant Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, sets out to the Lonely Mountain with a spirited group of dwarves to reclaim their mountain home, and the gold within it from the dragon Smaug.